Thank you husband for sweating for me today.
It's okay who let them dare to bully my woman
stinky fart
It is estimated that Zhao Lei's house
They are now about to be spat on by netizens
Did you drown?
I'm going to take a shower first
Why are you back so late this time?
Not only don't curse
I was very cooperative just now. It seems to have changed
Give him a congratulatory gift when Nuan Nuan wins the championship
Niannian, go and tell Fu Yunxi.
We are young at least
He slapped us in the face for a lover
As for what? I don't want to apologize to him.
I rarely contact Fu Yunxi now.
We're all here to vent for you
You won't leave us alone, will you?
Of course not.
I'll try it on.
miss
Can you come and see Auntie?
Auntie is really happy
Auntie, I have been filming in the crew before
I was only free yesterday.
Thinking that I haven't seen Auntie Shen for a long time, come and see you
You are very satisfied with this heart.
Where can I find a sensible girl like you?
Hey
Last year, Axi was too reckless.
Or I'll give him a call
Ask him to invite you and your Aunt Shen tomorrow.
Now it is estimated that Ashita
What's wrong with him?
Tell your aunt
Before, he came to the crew in person
Pick up a little actor from our crew
What is it called?
Even pack a lover
Well, yesterday
Also because of this woman
Send a lawyer's letter to Jiajia and the others?
He demanded a public apology
You mean?
Daughter-in-law has a lover outside
He also went to war for him and asked Jiajia and the others to apologize
Uh I thought you knew
Aunt Shen, what misunderstanding might there be?
Don't be angry.